c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\CloneBot.exe.config
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\obj\Debug\CloneBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\CloneBot.exe
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\CloneBot.pdb
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\obj\Debug\CloneBot.exe
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\obj\Debug\CloneBot.pdb
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem1.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem2.png
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem3.jpeg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem4.png
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem5.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem6.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem7.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem8.png
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem9.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem10.gif
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem11.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem12.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem13.jpg
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem16.png
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem14.png
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem15.png
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem17.gif
c:\users\cloneruler\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneBot\CloneBot\bin\Debug\memes\mem18.png
